README.md, before:

# Demo.AspNetCore.WebSockets

Sample project for demonstrating low-level WebSocket protocol aspects in ASP.NET Core:

- [Lifetime & Prematurely closed connections](https://www.tpeczek.com/2018/02/back-to-websockets-fundamentals-in.html)
- [Subprotocol negotiation](https://www.tpeczek.com/2017/06/websocket-subprotocol-negotiation-in.html)
- [Cross-Site WebSocket Hijacking protection](https://www.tpeczek.com/2017/07/preventing-cross-site-websocket.html)
- [Per-message compression](https://www.tpeczek.com/2017/07/websocket-per-message-compression-in.html)

## Donating

My blog and open source projects are result of my passion for software development, but they require a fair amount of my personal time. If you got value from any of the content I create, then I would appreciate your support by [buying me a coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/tpeczek).

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/tpeczek"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/black_img.png" style="height: 41px !important;width: 174px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;"  target="_blank"></a>

## Copyright and License

Copyright © 2017 - 2018 Tomasz Pęczek

Licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/tpeczek/Demo.AspNetCore.WebSockets/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Update readme to point to the demo

README.md, after:

# This Fork is edited to remove the top level part of the demo, making it reusable in other projects.
See [This demo](https://github.com/JeremySorensen/WebSocketsDemo) to get a working program that depends on this repo to get the original demo functionality.

The rest of this readme is the original by Tomasz Pęczek.

# Demo.AspNetCore.WebSockets

Sample project for demonstrating low-level WebSocket protocol aspects in ASP.NET Core:

- [Lifetime & Prematurely closed connections](https://www.tpeczek.com/2018/02/back-to-websockets-fundamentals-in.html)
- [Subprotocol negotiation](https://www.tpeczek.com/2017/06/websocket-subprotocol-negotiation-in.html)
- [Cross-Site WebSocket Hijacking protection](https://www.tpeczek.com/2017/07/preventing-cross-site-websocket.html)
- [Per-message compression](https://www.tpeczek.com/2017/07/websocket-per-message-compression-in.html)

## Donating

My blog and open source projects are result of my passion for software development, but they require a fair amount of my personal time. If you got value from any of the content I create, then I would appreciate your support by [buying me a coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/tpeczek).

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/tpeczek"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/black_img.png" style="height: 41px !important;width: 174px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;"  target="_blank"></a>

## Copyright and License

Copyright © 2017 - 2018 Tomasz Pęczek

Licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/tpeczek/Demo.AspNetCore.WebSockets/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
